[jazz music]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
- From the Penn & Teller
Theater in Las Vegas, Nevada,
here's our host,
Alyson Hannigan.
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
- Thanks.
Thank you.
Welcome to
"Penn & Teller: Fool Us,"
the only place in Vegas
that'll make your coins
disappear faster than a slot
machine.
But what has never disappeared
is the love
between our two stars.
I thought Lily and Marshall's
nine-season relationship
on "How I Met Your
Mother" lasted a long time,
but Penn and Teller have
been performing together
for over 40 years and show
no signs of disappearing
anytime soon.
So let's bring out our
lovebirds, Penn and Teller.
[cheers and applause]
- [speaks indistinctly]
- Where's my little lovebird?
And my other lovebird.
Mwah!
[cheers and applause]
Anyone who manages to fool Penn
and Teller
wins the performance of a
lifetime as part of
their long-running Las Vegas
magic show.
Let's see if anyone can do it
tonight as we
meet our first potential fooler.
[fireworks booming]
- I'm Joseph Reohm.
I'm a magician and illusionist.
[dramatic music]
A few years ago, I got burned
really, really bad.
I nearly lost my hand.
♪ ♪
Magicians train our hands our
entire lives
to be able to do things that
other people's hands can't do.
Tonight's performance makes me
nervous.
My hands is nowhere near what
it used to be,
so the idea of messing up or
dropping something
freaks me out.
If I pull this off, I'm gonna
feel ecstatic.
But the viewers at home, I know
I'm gonna fool you.
[cheers and applause]
- From his magical and
mysterious mind to yours,
please welcome Joseph Reohm.
[cheers and applause]
- What are you doing with that
glass, boy?
- Ahh, don't you know that
belongs to...
- You'll never be a magician.
[laughs]
- Now, listen close.
You have two hours to sort this
mess, yeah?
And if even one thing is out of
place when you're done,
you'll be stuck cleaning
Penn and Teller's stage
for the rest of your life.
[chortling]
[electronic music]
[cheers and applause]
- You'll never be a magician.
- For the rest of your life.
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
- You'd better still be
cleaning in here.
While you're at it, make sure
these clothes is clean
before house opens.
- Boy, how's about you do mine
as well?
- [chortling]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
- This is just the beginning.
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
- That was amazing.
- Thank you so much.
- This is such a beautiful
story.
How long did it take you to sort
of come up with this story?
- I have been working on this
for 14 years.
I retired it for about ten
years,
and then this brought life to
it.
And I really want to thanks the
"Fool Us" team
for opening this door for me to
be able to bring it back to life
and give me purpose redo it.
- And--well, is it, like, a
personal story?
How did you come up with it?
- Some stuff was rough when we
were kids,
and I never liked being told no.
I never liked being told that
you can't do something.
So some of the inspiration from
it is that,
"You'll never be a magician."
It's like, "Well, let me show
you what I can do."
- And what would it mean for you
to fool Penn and Teller?
- Well, we've got an
encyclopedia of magic over here.
- Yeah.
- Two of them.
- Right?
- You know, my main goal here
is, if I could fool them,
then that means that I
definitely did not waste
the last 25 years of my life,
but if I could at least
entertain them,
then as far as I'm concerned, I
won.
Because, you know, to be able to
entertain
two of the world's biggest
entertainers,
that's what would mean a lot to
me.
- You absolutely entertained me.
Shall we check in with the
encyclopedias, though?
- Yes, please.
- Gentlemen.
- Oh, my goodness.
What a great act.
- Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
- I really, really liked it.
You know, one of the things is
that magicians, you know,
are always wearing the top hat
and the tails,
and there's that cliché that
comes from 19th-century France,
and the reason that people still
use that cliché,
even thought no one dresses like
that,
is because there's so much magic
that was developed
with that wardrobe,
and magicians have struggled to
find a way
to have their wardrobe be
helpful and still look modern.
I bet you've thought about that
some.
- Yeah, I mean, I'd get really
cold in here
if I took my jacket off.
[laughter]
- And also, the music is great.
- Thank you so much.
- It's great music.
You know, I'm--I'm old enough
that when I think about music,
I think about going back to a
turntable,
which you could do amazing
things
with two turntables and a
microphone.
- Right.
- And the color changes are
wonderful, all the glass stuff.
You know, I love--maybe more
than other people,
I love themed magic,
and I love the fact
you do it all with the glasses
and all with liquids,
and it's a lot of the billiard
ball moves.
I think I can say this without
getting you angry.
There's some wonderful flip
stick stuff there.
And I also think that the dove
stuff
and the billiard ball stuff
being done with glass
is just greatly--and we are--
although I don't think you
fooled us,
we remain your humble
serve-ants--I mean, servants.
I'm sorry.
[laughs]
- So he's...
- Thank you so much.
- Saying a lot of things that I
certainly don't understand.
Do you maybe understand?
- No clue.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
No, he said it perfectly.
I appreciate you saying it in a
way that--
that we can definitely
communicate.
Yeah, I did not fool them,
but...
- Okay, okay, thank you so much
for being so entertaining.
Thank you, Joseph Reohm.
Thank you.
- Thank you. Thanks, guys.
- All right, well...
[cheers and applause]
All right, that was fun, but
we're just getting started.
So stick around and see if
anyone can pull one over
on Penn and Teller.
[jazz music]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
- Welcome back.
Penn and Teller never have any
idea who's gonna be on the show.
So let's surprise them with our
next performer.
[fireworks booming]
- Hi, I'm Brent Braun,
and I work as a magic
consultant.
So I work on not only the
technical side of magic
but also to come in and say,
"This part isn't great.
Let's fix this or move this or
change this,"
what I call "Ugly Baby
Syndrome."
No one knows they have an ugly
baby,
so what I'm able to do is look
at the ugly baby and say,
"No, no, that baby is ugly.
Let's work on making it more
attractive."
[baby crying]
I do so much behind the scene
that I just don't get
the opportunities to do shows
the way I used to.
I got the call two days ago,
made me super nervous.
I've been in my hotel room
rehearsing
over and over and over.
I'm just super excited to be
able to get out there
and try to fool Penn and Teller.
I'm always supporting other
entertainers.
Now it's my opportunity to help
myself,
and I've got my own back.
He's got this.
[cheers and applause]
- Our next magician met his wife
in a magic shop,
making him the first person to
successfully get a date
in a magic shop.
Please welcome Brent Braun.
[cheers and applause]
- Let's make something random
and chaotic.
If you were given a deck of
cards when you come into
the theater this evening, you've
had the opportunity
to shuffle that deck of cards.
I'd like you to put the cards
back into the box,
hold them high above your head
now.
On the count of three, I'm gonna
have everyone
toss the cards at me.
On the count of three, sir,
not yet.
[laughter]
On the count of three, just toss
them at me.
One, two, three.
[laughter]
Today we're gonna be playing by
European standard rules.
That means we're gonna use the
deck of cards
located closest to my right
foot.
That would be this one.
I need a couple of volunteers to
help me out.
You, young lady, would you
please come help me out?
Give her a round of applause as
she makes her way to the stage.
[applause]
And over here, sir, will you
help me out as well?
You can come on up.
Give him a round of applause.
[cheers and applause]
Have a seat here, young lady.
Your name?
- Karen.
- Karen, nice to meet you.
Karen, you can have a seat
there.
Your name, sir.
- Nicholas.
Nice to meet you, Nicholas.
I'm Brent.
You can have a seat there for
me.
Karen and Nicholas.
Karen, is there any possible way
that you know
the order of these cards?
- No.
- Is there any possible way
anyone knows
the order of these cards?
- I don't think so.
- I'm with you 100%.
What I'm gonna do is drop these
cards from hand to hand.
I'm gonna have you stay stop for
me anytime you like.
We're gonna have you select a
card.
Now, you're gonna be the only
one that knows
what that card is, so it's
important you remember it.
So if you're not happy with it,
let me know,
and we'll get a different card
for you.
Are you ready, Karen?
- Stop.
- Right there.
That was really early.
Are you sure?
- No.
- Okay.
- Stop.
- Right there. You're sure?
- Yes.
- Can I have you look at the
card?
- Okay.
- Are you happy with that
playing card?
- Yes.
- It's safe to say you don't
know what Karen's card is.
Is that true?
- For sure.
- But you know about where it is
maybe, right?
Because you did watch the cards
fall from my fingertips.
So we'll give the deck a little
shuffle here.
You can watch that that is
indeed a shuffle.
Place the cards on the table.
Now, when you tell this story
later--
and you will tell this story
I want you to remember that
before you ever made a decision,
before I ever asked you to do
anything
that the cards were out of my
control and on the table.
Because when you tell people
what happened,
they're going to think that
somehow I did some funny magic
move, somehow I manipulated or
moved cards
or repositioned them.
I'm gonna have you think of any
number between 1 and 52,
and if this works, Karen's card,
it's gonna be at
exactly that number,
not one before,
and not one after, but exactly
that number.
No pressure.
[laughter]
Would you do me a favor?
Think of a number between 1 and
52 and name it now.
- 41.
Karen, keep my honest.
We're gonna count down to the
41st card.
It's gonna take a while, but
keep me honest.
1, 2, 3, 4,
5, 6, 7, 8,
9, 10, 11, 12--
there's two kind of stuck
together there--
12, 13, 14, 15, 16,
17, 18, 19, 20,
21, 22, 23, 24,
25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30,
31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36,
37, 38, 39, 40.
Do we both agree that's the 41st
card?
- Yeah.
- We're good?
- Yes, Yes.
- Do we also agree that you
could have named a number
larger than 41?
You could have arrived at this
card here.
That cards would have been the
queen of hearts.
Was that your card?
- No.
- I knew you had it.
You're doing good.
We got this. We got this.
Let's keep it going.
We could have named a number
lower than 41.
We'd have ended up down here,
like, near 20,
that would've ended up at this
card,
the 2 of hearts.
Not your card.
- No.
- He's on it. He's got it.
He's got it.
Could've named a card all the
way up here near the top.
I don't know what this is, 5 or
6, somewhere around in there.
That would have been the 8 of
diamonds.
Again not your card.
The interesting thing,
you could have named any number
and gotten any of these other
cards.
Do you see your card in there
anywhere?
- No.
- Hmm, could've have named any
of these numbers
and arrived at any of these
cards.
Just quickly do you see your
card anywhere in there?
- No.
- Now, if you ask a
mathematician
what the odds were
of this being Karen's card,
they would tell you it's 1 in
52.
But for a young boy that grew up
in Henryville, Indiana,
here with the great Penn and
Teller in this amazing studio
with you amazing audience
members,
I would say it's once in a
lifetime.
Karen, for the first time,
what's your card?
- 3 of hearts.
- Now, we could just let it
remain a mystery.
[laughter]
I could walk away.
You guys could just believe
that Karen
and this gentlemen--
I forgot your name;
I apologize.
- That's all right.
It's okay.
- Were able to create a miracle,
or we could show it to you.
It's up to you all.
[laughter]
What was the card, Karen?
- 3 of hearts.
[laughs]
- Ladies and gentlemen, the 3.
[cheers and applause]
- Brent Braun.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- Buddy.
That was fantastic.
- Watch out.
There's--there's is a mess here.
- Clearly.
- I apologize.
There's a bit of a mess.
- That was a very dangerous
beginning to your performance.
- Well, I didn't realize Vegas
was gonna be so angry
about card tricks,
apparently, but...
- But give people permission to
throw stuff at you,
they're gonna do it.
- Yeah, I agree. I agree.
- Yeah.
I love that you met your wife at
a magic shop.
- I did.
- And then it sort of gave me an
epiphany of, like,
if you're a single woman and
you're looking for a man,
there must be a lot of single
dudes at magic shops.
- They're all single.
Yeah, no, they're all single.
It's great.
- A little love connection.
- Sure.
- So normally you're the
behind-the-scenes guy
helping people with their magic
tricks.
- I am, yes.
It's amazing to be able to make
that transition from helping
other people--helping other
people kind of
follow their dream
to helping me find mine.
To make that transition over has
been incredible.
- All right, I'm gonna check in
with the boys.
- Okay.
- Hello, gentlemen.
- What you did here, Brent, you
started out with a really
burlesque-y, goofy premise of
having people
throw cards at you,
which I want you to know
is more dangerous than you may
think.
[laughter]
I'm just telling you, you do
this a lot of times,
some of the rough places we've
played,
for some of the audiences that
haven't like us,
you're gonna lose teeth, sir.
You're gonna lose teeth.
That's what I'm saying.
Most people come out here and
just hit us with one emotion.
They're funny or they're
amazing,
and you started out with one of
the funniest,
most interesting images we've
seen,
and then at the end, you had a
change that was so beautiful.
You had this entire audience
watching you count to 41.
[laughter]
You know, you were hoping they'd
pick a number like 6 or 7...
- Sure, sure.
- Maybe 20.
And you absolutely held it.
The guts that are required not
to rush through those--
I mean, I'm just talking
theatrically now--
was really, really beautiful.
- Thank you.
- So we started out with a good
laugh at the beginning,
and then at the end, we really
cared about this trick deeply.
- Thank you.
- And all the decks onstage are
wonderful.
We think the secret of this, as
a matter of fact, is in decks,
in decks that you have on the
stage, all of them.
And, you know, during this show,
we've seen a lot of
sleight of hand.
We've even seen sleight of
mouth.
But what we saw here today was
sleight of foot.
And that and with all the other
secrets in the decks
is beautiful, beautiful routine,
and I think we have a pretty
good idea how you did it.
- I agree; I think you have a
pretty good idea.
Thank you guys so much.
I appreciate it.
- Aww, all right.
- Thank you, Alyson.
- So you're sure...
- Hug, hug.
- That you didn't fool them.
- No.
- But you were awesome.
- Thank you, all.
We appreciate it.
- Thank you.
Brent Braun, ladies and
gentlemen.
[cheers and applause]
Well, I was certainly fooled by
that last act.
Were you?
Be honest.
We'll give you a few more
chances to figure things out,
including a shot at busting Penn
and Teller.
Stick around.
[jazz music]
♪ ♪
- Welcome back.
In this envelope, I have a
prediction of who
our next act is.
I was right.
It's a magician.
[fireworks booming]
- My name is Chris, last name
Rose, like the flower.
I'm a magician.
[chuckles]
I do close-up magic in
fine-dining restaurants
drawing out the childlike
aspects of adults.
- Whoa.
- Being a magician has afforded
me the opportunity
to stay home and raise my son,
and it's been amazing.
Plus, it's also helped me to
kind of reconnect with
the child side of me.
I had become stuffy and
unapproachable,
because I had this certain
vision of what a magician
was supposed to be in my head.
So I've kind of stripped away
all of that kind of stuff,
and now it's just me.
When I perform for people, I
mean,
I'm having a good time.
They're have a good time.
And I get paid to make people
happy.
It's great.
[cheers and applause]
- Please welcome Chris Rose.
- Wow.
This is great.
Hi, guys.
I'm Chris, and I need some help.
Teller, would you please join me
onstage?
Penn, honestly, you scare me.
[laughter]
So I would like to invite Alyson
instead.
Would you please join me?
Everyone, give Teller and Alyson
a great big round of applause.
[applause]
Hi, there.
How are you?
- Hey.
- Hi. Welcome. Welcome.
A few years ago, my life was
fairly organized.
Everything had its place and
stayed there.
[nails rattling]
Then my wife and I had a son.
- Oh.
[laughter]
- He's almost two now,
and he moves like lightning.
Those of you who are parents
will know
what I'm talking about.
My life's become total chaos.
The last time I learned this
lesson was while
I was working
around the house.
My things--dangerous things--
went where everything goes when
you're a baby,
right in the mouth.
[audience groans]
- Eww.
- [groans]
[laughter]
- As a parent, I want to do
everything right.
I want to teach my son and lead
by example,
so I came up with a game.
It's really my time to teach.
I call it "snack time."
And since this is Vegas, I
figured I'd up the stakes.
I'm gonna give the two of you a
chance to win
all of the money in my wallet.
- Oh.
- Ahh!
[laughter]
- Oh.
- What do these look like to
you?
- $100 bills.
- Absolutely, two $100 bills.
I'm gonna give each of you a
chance to win $100 cash.
I'll explain how to play, but
first, the snacks.
- This is exciting.
- Here, Alyson.
Have a cookie.
- Why, thank you.
- Sure.
You can go ahead and set it
there
- Oh.
- There you go, one for you.
Fantastic.
Don't eat it just yet.
We need something to drink.
[laughter]
You're not lactose intolerant,
are you?
- No.
- Oh, good.
So here's the game.
It's similar to Simon Says.
If you do what I do exactly,
you win $100.
If you don't do what I do
exactly, you lose.
[laughter]
All you have to do to win that
$100
is do exactly what I do from
this point forward.
Ready?
- Ready.
[laughter]
- [chuckling]
Ahh.
Ohh.
[laughter]
I'm sorry.
You just lost.
[laughter and applause]
- I don't--well, I already lost.
[gasps]
[applause]
Oh, jeez.
- Mmm.
- You can have the money.
- Huh?
- No, thanks.
Go on.
- Well, guys, you didn't win,
and, of course,
when I'm playing with my son,
I don't reinforce failure.
However, with you,
I'll make an exception.
Here, Alyson, some fresh cookies
for you.
Take them home.
Share them with your family.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
And, Teller, this...
is for you.
- [groaning]
[audience groaning]
[laughter]
Now, don't lose that.
You never know where it will
reappear.
You can have that too if you
want.
- No.
Ladies and gentlemen, Chris
Rose.
[cheers and applause]
Yeah, that was really gross.
Thank you.
But thank you for giving me the
cookies and not your...
- They're sealed.
Yeah, there you go.
- Booger nail.
Ugh, that's so gross.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I'm getting distracted.
'Cause Teller is inspecting the
cookie.
And I'm really hoping he doesn't
eat it,
'cause we know where it came
from.
Um, um, okay, so--so...
[exhales]
So somebody introduced you to
this idea.
- Concept, right.
- And--and...
[audience groans]
- Nice.
Good.
- He at the cookie.
Oh, God.
Uh, guys, Teller, Teller...
Teller, do I need to...
Oh, God.
Oh, jee--oh, jeez.
Should I...oh, this was a family
show.
[laughter]
God, now it's only dysfunctional
families.
All right, well, I--I'm gonna
check in with them,
'cause I'm worried about
Teller's stomach.
Gentlemen.
- Oh, come on.
- Hi. Before--
- We were running experiments,
serious experiments.
- I'm worried about Teller's
tummy,
so--so before he barfs, let's--
let's get to this.
- Yeah, well, Teller has now
eaten cookies
with everyone he's eaten cookies
with for the past 15 years.
- Yes.
- Just so you know.
- He--he's looking a little
green, so...
- Let's start...
- Let's wrap this up.
- With the nail, shall we?
- Yes.
- I more than Teller--
I'm carny trash.
I'm cheap carny trash.
And the brilliance of doing the
blockhead routine
but only doing half of it is
pretty great...
- I'm glad you enjoyed it.
- Really great.
And living like that is a great
thing.
And I bet if you did that--I
don't know if you ever worked
the carnival, but if you did
that in the carnival,
that nail trick, you'd sure have
a lot of pull.
I'm telling you that right now.
- Yes.
- You'd have a lot of pull.
- Absolutely.
- Now, let's get to your cookie.
- You mean the one he ate?
- Yeah, the one he ate, yeah.
- Okay.
Now, we all know the drinking
the water gag
and holding it in your mouth,
then spitting it back out.
I was ready for that gag.
I think--and this is me thinking
this watching it from here.
Teller's not sure, but I'm gonna
go out on a limb,
'cause I'm not sure.
I think that what you did there
was not sleight of hand.
I think it was not a gimmick.
I think it was not a fake prop.
I think what you did there on
that stage
was something I am naming right
now sleight of mouth.
I think you did that with
sleight of mouth.
I think you did it.
I don't think you loaded another
cookie in.
I don't think you palmed one
off.
I don't think you stole one
anywhere.
I think you you did sleight of
mouth.
[laughter]
Am I right?
- Is there such a--
- Am I supposed to confirm or
deny this?
- You--you either confirm or
deny.
Are you skilled enough with your
mouth...
- I...
- Wow, wait.
- How skilled are you with your
mouth?
- Well, now you're getting
personal.
- I am getting personal.
- Do we need to call your wife?
- I'm getting very personal.
How skilled are you with your
mouth, Chris Rose?
mouth?
- I--I am very skilled with my
mouth,
but it was not sleight of mouth.
- Wait.
- It was not.
- I was not sleight of mouth.
- You actually snuck that cookie
in another way?
- Oh, boy.
Wait, oh.
- You actually did?
We ran experiments.
We looked.
We think you almost should be
able to hold that in your mouth
while drinking, and you say you
didn't?
- Correct.
- Okay, then you fooled us, man.
[cheers and applause]
- Oh, my God.
- You fooled us with a cookie.
- Yay.
- With a cookie.
- Wow.
- He fooled us with a cookie.
- That's fantastic.
- Thank you.
- With a cookie.
- Wow.
Oh, my goodness.
Wow, thank you.
- Wow, that's fantastic.
- Totally surprised.
- Amazing.
- Thank you, guys, very much.
- Whoo.
All right, ladies and gentlemen,
Chris Rose.
What a fantastic fooler.
One F-U trophy just fell from
the sky.
Will we see another?
We'll find out after this.
[jazz music]
♪ ♪
- Welcome back to "Fool Us,"
where you just might learn
how the greatest tricks in the
world are done,
but only if Penn and Teller can
figure them out first.
Let's meet our next performer.
[fireworks booming]
- I guess I'm a case of arrested
development.
I was an imaginative kid,
and I liked puppets,
I liked juggling,
I liked dancing,
I liked surrealist art.
The challenge is linking all
these things together,
and then I found magic,
and now I get to combine all
these things in my show.
I like surrealist art, because
it feels like magic.
You're creating another world.
[clanks]
When you see me wearing a giant
puppet,
I created that, and it's based
on my own dad.
Well, how you doing, Dad?
Well, uh, I'm fine.
Magdalena is my wife.
Our son, his name is Benji.
He experiences everything with
fresh eyes,
and I get to see him experience
it
just like I was when I was a
kid.
I love having him in the
audience
and being proud of his dad.
I hope you enjoy the show.
Okay.
[cheers and applause]
- Our next performer took dance
lessons to help him
with his magic skills, so let's
see Charles Bach perform
in five, six, seven, eight.
[cheers and applause]
- Hi, everybody.
I'm Charles Bach, and I travel a
lot performing,
so much that it makes it really
hard for me to travel
with a pet, so today I'm
actually gonna give him away
to a new home, and I'd like to
ask Teller to come up here
for just a moment
if you would.
[cheers and applause]
Nice to meet you.
Teller, I want to make sure
there is something
inside this box,
so if you could,
reach your hand down inside
there
and let us know if you feel
something.
Now, don't say anything.
[laughter]
Just nod your head if you do.
Do you feel something inside
there?
Yes?
All right, if you could, take
your hand back out
and take this leash back to your
seat.
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
Excellent.
And I'd like to ask some
volunteers from the audience
to please just step up to our
microphone over here.
Just come on up and line up
right behind the microphone.
Go ahead.
We need a few, so line 'em up.
There we go.
Wow, they are fast.
Excellent, excellent.
Hi, there.
What's your name?
- Paige.
Paige, this is my wall of
balloons.
I got these from a local car
dealership.
[laughter]
And, Paige, I want you to select
one of those balloons,
any one you like.
- Blue one.
- The blue one.
This is the one we spell.
P-O...gone.
Thank you, Paige.
All right, next person, step up
to the mic
and pick a balloon.
- Purple.
- The purple.
You are not gonna believe this.
That is my favorite color.
[laughter]
Yeah, it...
Well, I guess he was a little
bloated.
All right, next person, step
right up and choose a balloon.
- I choose the green one.
- The green one.
All right, I'm gonna let you pop
this one.
Look right at that balloon,
and look...
[laughter]
You did that with your mind.
- Ohh.
- Amazing.
[cheers and applause]
Hi, there.
Go ahead and pick a balloon.
- I'll take pink,
bottom left.
- The pink one, all right.
This one has something really
cool inside.
Air.
[laughter]
- Thank you.
- The next gentleman.
- Red balloon.
- The red one.
All right, this one's a winner.
An animal balloon.
I'm gonna make you something.
Yep, just call out an animal.
- Snake.
- Dog it is.
[laughter]
[chuckles]
Here we go, a couple of ears,
a couple of legs,
a nice bushy tail,
and there's your doggy.
[cheers and applause]
Whee.
Take good care of him.
All right, our next gentleman,
please pick a balloon.
- The black balloon, please.
- The black balloon.
Let's get this party started.
[laughs]
All right, we're down to just
three balloons,
just three balloons left,
and our next person, please,
pick one of those three.
- I'll take the white one.
- The white balloon.
All right, I've been waiting all
day to get rid of that one.
[chain saw whirring]
[laughs]
Whoo.
Gone.
[cheers and applause]
Now, guys, you get to go back to
your seat, unfortunately,
because I'm down to just two
balloons.
Thanks for stepping up to the
plate.
Now, we are down to just two
balloons,
and since Teller doesn't speak,
Penn,
I'm gonna ask you to pick one of
the remaining
two balloons for Teller.
- Orange.
- The orange, the orange.
Teller, Penn thinks you would
have chosen the color orange.
Is that your card?
- Yes, it is.
Nicely done.
- Now, remember, Teller came up
onstage.
He felt my pet inside the box.
He took the leash back out to
his seat.
We chose many people completely
at random from all over
the theater to narrow this down
to just one single balloon.
Come here, boy.
That's right,
a yellow balloon.
[cheers and applause]
- Whoo,
- And now it's time for us
to let him go to his new home.
Stay.
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
- All right.
Whoo.
Charles Bach.
[cheers and applause]
Aww, hello.
- Hi, there.
- Ahh, I loved that,
anything with balloons.
All right, well, let's go to the
guys.
I think they're ready.
Penn, Teller...
- Ahh, okay.
- Are you gonna pop his balloon?
- I'm gonna try.
- Burst my bubble?
- You know, you had seven people
up here.
Those people at home that are
trying to learn about magic
by watching this, one of the
things they would think about is
that there might be some sort of
way that you determined
what they were gonna do.
They didn't really have free
choices.
And we want to assure people
that we believe deeply
that they really did indeed have
a free choice.
Not everything that's done like
that is done
with what we call a force.
I like that you had stuff on all
the--all the balloons.
You had a little piece of
business on everything.
That's really good there.
Teller reached into the box.
Teller did feel a balloon.
There's no doubt about that.
He felt that.
Now, there's a principle in
magic
called Too-Perfect principle,
where if there's only one way
the trick could be done,
that's the one way it was done.
We think we know the one way it
could be done.
We think we know the one way you
did it.
And if we're wrong, we are so
deeply fooled.
I don't want to say any more.
I want Teller to do the talking.
He is gonna go up,
and I'll tell you,
if what he says isn't it,
we are plum fooled.
I'm ready to stand up here.
- [speaking indistinctly]
- There is no helium tank.
- Well, did you fool them?
- He got it.
- Aww, ohh.
Well, they are geniuses,
you know.
- Brilliant.
- I know.
It's pretty unbelievable.
Well, thank you so much.
- Thank you, Alyson.
- You didn't fool them, but you
certainly entertained us.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
- Thanks, everybody.
- Ladies and gentlemen, Charles
Bach.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
We have more magic on the way,
so stay close.
[jazz music]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
[light piano music]
- I'm gonna make a prediction.
It's time to close the show with
a trick by Penn and Teller.
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
- What's in "The Times" today,
Teller?
Oh, man, all that election
stuff?
Trying to pick one of these guys
is like trying to pick
your favorite Kardashian, isn't
it?
[laughter]
It's kind of a hard job.
Oh, here's--I love reading about
animals.
You know, the oldest gorilla in
the world, Raji,
just celebrated her 59th
birthday.
She celebrated it by eating
fruitcake, growling,
and showing her backside,
same way Bette Midler
celebrates her birthday.
[laughter]
Oh, and business news.
You see this?
Smucker's, the jam company,
they have merged with Folgers,
and they're either gonna call it
Smolgers or--
oh, they're gonna call it
Smolgers.
They've already--they've already
decide here.
I always read the fashion news.
I love reading about fashion.
This designer has come up with a
new dress,
has as big picture of Obama on
it.
You know, putting something
presidential on a dress,
wasn't that Bill Clinton's idea?
I think it was, yeah.
That was his idea, wasn't it?
Oh, Starbucks has a new drink
coming out.
It's sugar-free, fat-free, and
has no whipped cream.
It's called coffee.
Try that for a change.
Did you see the big, long
interview with Prince Charles?
Prince Charles has come out
against
genetically modified food.
Well, if anyone knows about the
dangers of selective breeding,
it's Prince Charles, huh?
Let's read the whole interview.
It's on page 11.
Yeah, there it is right there.
It starts right there.
And it continues on to all of
the other pages.
That's where it is.
[cheers and applause]
- So beautiful.
Oh, my gosh.
And this just in: it's time to
say good night from Las Vegas.
We'll be making more headlines
next week on "Fool Us."
See ya.
[cheers and applause]
So beautiful.
You guys.